
mission "EA Retake Greenrock"
	name "Retake Greenrock"
	description "Destory the Alpha fleet in the Shaula system."
	destination "Greenrock"
	landing
	source "Farpoint"
	to offer
		has "EA Contact Oathkeepers: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You step off of your ship and are immediately met by a group of officers who escort who to Admiral Danforth's office. Instead of his usual uniform, he is in mourning. It seems at least some of your news has preceded you.`
			choice
				`	"I am sorry to hear about Gabriel, sir."`
				`	(Let Raven handle this.)
					goto eargraven
			`	The Admiral looks at you stonily. "Thank you for your concern, Captain <last>, but I'm afraid we can't discuss that right now.`
			label eargraven
			`	Raven begins speaking. "Navy Intelligence's suspicions about the Alphas were confirmed when Captain <last> was attacked by an Alpha fleet, but-"`
			`	A junior officer runs into the room and says "Ladies and gentlemen, news just came in that the Shaula system has been occupied by an medium size Alpha fleet.`
			`	Admiral Danforth turns to you, "We can't possibly have operations authorized in time, can you deal with the Alphas, <last>?" he asks.`
			choice
				`	"That sounds too dangerous for me."`
					decline
				`	"I can help."`
					accept
	npc kill
		government "Alpha"
		personality heroic nemesis staying target
		system Shaula
		ship "Leviathan (Heavy)" "Divisive Mogul"
		ship "Leviathan (Heavy)" "Dread Lord"
		ship "Leviathan (Heavy)" "Skydragon"
		ship "Dreadnought" "Star Warrior"
		fleet "Marauder fleet VIII"
		fleet "Marauder fleet II" 2
		fleet "Marauder fleet VII" 2

			
			
mission "EA go to New Iceland"
	name "Travel to New Iceland"
	description "Meet up with the Navy on New Iceland in the Kaus Borealis system."
	destination "New Iceland"	
	source "Greenrock"
	landing
	to offer
		has "EA Retake Greenrock: done"
	on offer
		dialog `When you land on Greenrock, you receive a message from Raven: "Please join us at the reactivated naval base on New Iceland"`
	on complete
		conversation
			`You land at New Iceland amid the very organized bustle of the reactivated Navy base, and are instructed to meet command at a set of pre-fabricated shelters near the spaceport.`

mission "EA navy recruitment to Sol"
	name "Report to Earth"
	description "Report to Earth in the Sol system with several Navy admirals (and Raven) to receive a commision into the Navy"
	destination "Earth"
	source "New Iceland" "spaceport"
	to offer
		has "EA go to New Iceland: done"
	on offer
		payment 2000000
		conversation
			`	You report to the office of the Navy commander, one Admiral Alzaga.`
			`	The first thing he does after greeting you is hand you credit chips for 2.00M credits. "That is the official thanks from the Republic." he says. "From the Navy, Admiral Danforth and I have agreed to give you an acting commission into the Navy as a Commander. The salary is decent and you'll keep your free worlds pay, but you'll have to travel to Earth with us to get it permanently confirmed."`
			choice
				`	"No thanks, I prefer being a Free Worlds Officer only."`
					decline
				`	(Say "Take your stupid Navy and shove it.", and run out the door.)`
					flee
				`	"I accept, sir."`
			
			`	"Very well," says Alzaga, "then I would recommend we get moving as soon as possible, Commander."`
				accept
	on accept
		event "EA repaint navy"
	npc accompany
		
		ship "Cruiser" "Destroying Angel"
			government "Navy (Oathkeepers)"
			personality heroic
		ship "Gunboat" "Eye of Horus"
			government "Navy Intelligence"
			personality timid
		ship "Carrier" "R.N.S. Endureable"
			government "Republic"
			personality heroic

	on complete
		dialog `When you land you receive a message from Admiral Alzaga telling you to meet them in the officer’s club in the spaceport in a few hours once they have talked to parliament.`

mission "EA commander commission"
	source "Earth" "spaceport"
	to offer
		has "EA navy recruitment to Sol: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Since you are not in any kind of uniform it feels a little odd to be walking into an area so dominated by the blue and gold of the Navy. You see Admiral Alzaga beckoning you to a table where he and Danforth are sitting.`
			`	"Good news, commander," says Alzaga,  "the parliament navy recruitment committee gave us remarkably little trouble about getting you into the Navy permanently, meaning that you are now a Navy officer. We don’t have any work for you right now in regards to the Alpha affair, we hope it was just a small enclave. In the meantime you will be able to serve as an officer by commanding small patrols. We do ask that in these patrols you use a Frigate as a flagship so as not to raise questions. Incidentally you already qualify for some awards due to your service against the Pug, so you might see some notifications in the future."`
			`	"I would also recommend buying a uniform and your insignia at the outfitter here on Earth. It will authorize you to wear any awards you receive and will make things look a little more official for us and a little less awkward for you. You'll see the uniform available to you in the outfitter within a few days, so be sure to stop by and check."`
				decline
	on decline
		event "EA navy commission commander"
		event "EA campaign restart timer" 97